Catch a falling star
and put it in your pocket
Never let it fade away
Catch a falling star
and put it in your pocket
Save it for a rainy day
For love may come
and tap you on the shoulder
Some starless night
Just in case you feel
you want to hold her
You'll have a pocketful of starlight
Catch a falling star and put it in your pocket
- Never let it fade away
Catch a falling star
and put it in your pocket
- Save it for a rainy day
For love may come
and tap you on the shoulder
Some starless night
And just in case you feel
you want to hold her
You'll have a pocketful of starlight
Pocketful of starlight
Catch a falling star and put it in your pocket
- Never let it fade away
- Save it for a rainy day
Save it for a rainy,
rainy, rainy day
For when your troubles
start in multiplyin'
And theyjust might
It's easy to forget them without tryin'
With just a pocketful of starlight
Catch a falling star
and put it in your pocket
Save it for a rainy day
- You keepin' busy?
- Yeah, I been busy. You know.
- Busy doin' what?
- Busy in the garden.
"I n the garden." You know what?
You're missing work. That's what. I can see that.
No, I'm not missing work.
Yeah, you're missing the buzz
and the jokes and the guys.
- I know that. Don't tell me that's not true.
- Maybe a little.
- You gonna buy some meat or what?
- Yeah, I'm gonna buy some meat.
I'm looking at some meat right now.
I want to get some real good steak.
- I got a special here on the rump.
- Forget the specials.
I got the children visiting me
this weekend from all over the country.
Got 'em all around the same table—
all four of them.
Cleanup, aisle five.
Cleanup, aisle five, please.
Excuse me.
Do you know about these wines?
- The wine? These wines?
- Yeah.
I stock this section.
Why? Is there a problem?
No. I just want to get some expensive
bottles of wine for my children.
This isn't for children.
I know it's not for children.
It's for my children
that aren't children anymore.
What would be
the best ones of this?
Well, we got wines
from all over the world.
We got English wines,
you know, from France.
We got Italian wines
from all over Europe.
I want to make
a good impression on my kids.
You will. Definitely.
It's got a built-in tenderizing gauge
for steaks and poultry with seven different grades.
And there's an automatic spritz
to calm flames if the oil catches.
It is guaranteed for five years
with a premium protective seal.
It has an automatic rotisserie,
and, when the lid is closed...
the oxygen is reduced to a level
that does not support or encourage the fats to ignite.
Yeah.
- Is that what it's going for?
- 648. That's the sale price.
That's a heck of a deal for this model.
It's as low as I can go.
- How about six?
- Done. Sure.
Absolutely.
You can just put it right in there.
- Looks like somebody's having a party.
- Yeah, it's just family.
- Hello?
- Dad, it's Robert.
Robert.
Dad, listen, things aren't looking good—
- I'm sorry.
- Oh, well, that's a shame.
That's a real shame.
Yeah, you're gonna miss out
on having some fancy wine...
and filet mignon steak—
- Have you heard from the others?
- Yeah. So far all of them are coming—
some Friday night, some Saturday morning.
I'm sorry I can't—
Yeah, I'm sorry too, Robert.
You gotta get back to that orchestra, Son.
- I will. You take care.
- Okay. You take care too.
Okay. Okay.
Dad, hi. I can't stop right now.
I'm back on stage in a few minutes.
The producers are flying in from Paris
and want to see the original cast...
so I just can't get away this weekend.
I'm sorry. I know I haven't been home
since the funeral...
but I'm trying, I promise.
I love you. I'm thinking ofyou.
Big kiss.
Hey, Dad, it's Amy.
I'm really sorry to have to do this...
but things have just gotten
really crazy at the agency...
and Jack's sick with a fever.
He missed school today.
So between one thing and another...
we're not gonna be able
to make it this weekend.
I'm really sorry, Dad.
And to make things worse,
I spoke to David today...
and he can't make it either.
He's got a lot going on—
a painting or something.
But, anyway, I promise
we'll make it to you soon. Okay?
Love you.
Well, you can't. You can't just go flying
all across the country- not in your condition.
Who said anything about flying?
What about buses? What about trains?
I'm worried about your lungs, Frank.
Don't worry about my lungs.
Worry about your lungs. My lungs are fine.
Fibrosis of the lungs requires you
to take things easy. Now, you know that.
I'm just going on the buses,
on the trains.
You picked the wrong job, Frank. I mean—
Breathing in humidified PVC.
all those years.
You know, it's just about seeing
the family, you know.
Jean always kept
in touch with everybody, and now it's—
You know how it is. Now it's down to me.
- How you managing on your own?
- I'm fine.
- Fine?
- Fine. Yeah, I'm fine.
Fine?
You know, when I lost my wife...
I found myself talking to her
like she was still there.
Went on for months.
"Where the hell are my shorts?"
No. No, no,
there's nobody there. Talking to myself.
Crazy, huh?
- You do that, Frank?
- No.
No? No?
Not yet.
Look, you know,
I hear what you're saying. I do.
But this trip,
it's not what you need right now.
You gotta take things easy.
Stay home.
You know what you should do?
Spend more time in the garden.
Ed said it was fine.
He said just take enough medication.
Stick to trains and buses.
And I'll take plenty of pictures...
and I'll bring home the news.
I'll start with David in New York.
And if anything goes wrong,
I'll be right home.
Got my keys...
my wallet.
My keys.
Got my medication.
Camera.
Got my keys.
Next.
New York City. One-way, please.
Eighty-seven dollars.
Eighty-seven dollars. There's a hundred.
- I'm going to see my son.
- Very good.
- Know what he does?
- Absolutely no idea.
- He's an artist.
- Gate 7. Thank you. Next.
Thank you.
What do you think of my work?
You've been looking at it ever since
we left the station.
I'm sorry. I don't understand.
No, don't look at me. Look back
out the window. Tell me what you see.
- Cars.
- No.
- Trees?
- Well, yes, but no.
Houses?
J ust remember that you've been looking at it
ever since we left the station.
Oh, the window. The glass.
No. Not bad, but— That's a start, but—
Birds.
No. Not birds.
Rocks.
No. Rocks. No.
That's ridiculous. Rocks.
You're just guessing.
I'm gonna stick with this lady here.
- I think she has an idea.
- No. Honestly, I really have no idea what you—
You know, just look for the rhythm.
- The telephone poles.
- Close. Close.
- The wire.
- Well, well— Keep going. Keep going.
- Really, I give up.
- No, no, that's— Okay, that's it.
That's it. The wire. That's good.
I mean, I didn't make the wire.
I didn't hang the wire.
But I coated the wire.
I protected it with PVC coating
against the rain...
the moisture, heat— stuff like that.
So what you actually see is not
the wire. It's my PVC coating.
- I ran a thousand miles of wire a week, nonstop.
- Wow.
Nonstop.
You just think for a minute— all the conversations
that have taken place over that wire.
Breaking good news and bad news.
You know.
- Can I show you something?
- Sure.
There are my...
children.
Robert the conductor.
David the artist. Rosie the dancer.
Amy- very high up in advertising.
A million feet of wire to get them
where they are today.
That's a nice picture.
Thank you.
A million feet of wire to get them
where they are today.
Rocks.
Yeah, right. That's right. Rocks.
They were all supposed to visit me.
We were gonna have a family reunion...
and instead they all canceled on me
at the last minute.
You lock yourself out, honey?
No, I didn't lock myself out.
My son lives here.
I'm just waiting for him.
You can come wait with me ifyou want.
I know a place.
- Oh, thank you. That's nice ofyou, but—
- You sure?
- Thank you.
- You want to see my leg?
You want to see mine?
- Come on.
- Here.
Oh, man.
- Oh, dude, I can't believe you, man.
- What?
I can't believe you. All night.
David.
What are you gonna do
when you grow up, huh?
- I want to be a painter and do my pictures.
- Not a painter. Christ.
Painters paint walls, and dogs pee on walls.
You're gonna be an artist.
Artists paint pictures that change people's lives.
Now what are you gonna be?
- An artist.
- That's right. An artist.
- So you're gonna work hard?
- Yes, Dad.
- You're gonna make me proud?
- I'm trying, Dad.
Unfortunately, it's going to be on top
of the coast sometime tomorrow.
Right now, Hurricane Alice
is packing winds of 1 65 miles per hour.
We've got a Category 5 hurricane.
The pressure—
Looks like a bad storm.
A bad storm.
I'm 94.
- I keep away from the doctors.
- Boy.
I have three children, six grandchildren.
They're busy. They're too busy to talk to me.
I gotta make an appointment.
They got lost someplace.
They don't need anybody.
People change. Life is changed.
Today, you shake hands with somebody...
you gotta count your fingers
to make sure you got five fingers back.
- Hi.
- Can I help you?
- Do the bells work?
Yeah.
My son lives in Apartment 9.
I'm not sure if he's home.
- All right.
- Thank you.
David?
Through my sleepless days
I've found
That in my dreamless sleep I'm bound
To one night hear the sound
Ofyou calling
Do not stumble through tonight
Have no fear for me
You won't stumble through tonight
Drownin' in their laughter
This is not good.
Amy, it's Rosie.
- Dad's not answering his phone.
- Well, don't call him...
not till we know
what's going on with David.
- Is there any more news?
- No.
I just had that one call
from Mexico saying he'd been arrested.
I keep leaving messages,
but no one's calling back.
I think we should tell Dad.
Not until we know what's going on.
Just avoid talking to him for a couple days
till we know the facts, okay?
Okay.
- Oh, my God.
- Surprise.
Yeah, definitely. Come on in, Grandpa.
Man. Does Mom know?
No, I hope not. But, hey, look at you.
I thought you were supposed
to be in bed with a fever.
- I don't know. Am I?
- That's what she told me.
Yeah, I think I was.
- It's got a handle.
- Well, of course it's got a handle.
I didn't know that.
- Yeah, it's got wheels.
- Well. Look how big you got.
I know, right?
- Gee.
- Hey, listen.
I'm online.
I'll be back in a minute.
All right. You do your thing.
- Mom's out back.
- Okay. Good.
No, I need to go down there.
Yeah. Can you check out some flights
to see what's available?
Yeah.
Amy .
Dad?
- What are you doing here?
- What do you mean, what am I doing here?
Everybody didn't show up
for the visit, so I said...
- "Ifyou don't come to me, I'm gonna go to you."
- Oh, you crazy man.
Well, look at you. You haven't been well.
You shouldn't be traveling.
- Did you check with the doctor?
- I checked with the doctor.
- You checked with him?
- Of course I checked with the doctor. Jeff home?
No, not yet.
Let me find out when he's coming back.
So, everybody dropped out of the visit?
I didn't realize. I had no idea.
How did you get here?
- You didn't fly, did you?
- No, of course I didn't fly.
I took a train to New York to see David,
and he wasn't there...
so I took a bus here.
You took a bus?
- Yeah.
- To Chicago?
- All by myself.
- Oh, my God. I can't believe it.
Yeah. Jack got better fast.
Yeah. No, he did. Definitely.
It was a 24-hour thing.
- I like the house.
- Yeah. But you've seen pictures.
I've seen pictures.
I haven't seen the house.
- Not the real thing.
- Hey, everyone.
- Hey, Jack.
- How's it goin'?
- Good.
- Jack, why don't you take Grandpa outside...
- and show him your golf-
- You play golf?
Sure. I'm a natural.
- Yeah, I'd like to see that.
- You want to see that?
- Where are you hitting it?
- To that flag over there.
All the way out there?
Oh, boy. Okay.
- My record's three.
- Three?
I'll believe that when I see it.
Come on. Let's go.
- You watch.
- Okay.
Not bad.
- Beat that.
- Oh, I'll beat that. Easily, but—
All right.
Now I'll just have to
show you a few things.
Yeah, that was good, but not good enough.
Frank the pro.
- Come on, Tiger Woods.
- You ready?
- Take your time.
- Yeah. Ready? Yeah.
Oh, shit!
- Sorry.
- What was that?
That was just a practice shot.
- Give me another one of those.
- I'm going after this.
Yeah.
There we go.
Oh, shit.
Christ. Sorry.
- You hit the spice garden.
- One more. Come on.
- This is the last one. Come on. This is—
- I'm your guest. One more.
- Let's go. Come on. One more, one more. Let's go.
- This is my last one.
- One more.
- Don't lose this one too.
Give me another ball.
Put it down. Be a sport.
- I wanna watch this baby fly.
- You ready?
- Ready?
- I mpress me.
Shit! Damn it. Fuckin' Christ.
Sorry.
Can you just—
Yes, Chinese food would be fine.
No, of course not.
No, he doesn't know anything.
So I hear you're doing
very well at school.
- Nah, not really.
- What do you mean, not really?
- Your mother says you're at the top ofyour class.
- Does she?
Yeah.
You have to work hard at school.
Yeah, I know.
I'll tell you what I used
to tell your mother when she was your age.
About being the best
and getting to the top?
That's right.
Yeah. She warned me about that.
Yeah.
- Jeff's home.
- Okay.
- Hey, Frank.
- Hi, Jeff.
What's all this? Come here. Come here.
Surprise.
- Big surprise. Big surprise.
- Yeah.
- Look at you. You're looking so well.
- You too.
It's good to see you.
- Good to see you.
- Oh, my God! What a day!
You don't want to know.
I'm sorry I'm so late.
- Can you believe this?
- Can I believe it?
Well, nothing surprises me about this guy.
Well, the place was really crowded today.
I can't believe I was able
to get out of there alive.
Don't just eat your rice.
Make sure you eat your chicken.
Okay.
I'll get you a fork.
- You don't know how to use chopsticks?
- Yeah, I can use 'em.
I can use 'em to beat you at golf.
That's how well I can use 'em.
- You like making fun of me, don't you?
- Yeah, you're funny.
- Yeah, I'm funny, huh?
- Try this.
Thanks. A fork. A regular fork.
Now I can eat without dropping this
all down my shirt.
Jack, can you pass Dad
the chili sauce, please?
Jack.
No.
Jack, pass him the sauce.
- I'm not passing anything.
- Don't be silly.
I don't really want it.
It's fine. I don't need it.
Are you sure?
Stop asking him. He's not stupid.
When he says no, he means no.
If he changes his mind, he knows where it is.
He can get it himself.
Jack.
I'm sorry, Dad.
No, that's okay.
So, what are your plans?
Well, I thought that I would
stay a day or two...
or so, and then head on out to see Robert,
surprise him on his tour.
That would have been so great.
This week's really difficult.
I feel awful.
I got this huge pitch
to oversee at the agency...
and Jeff's flying out
on business tomorrow.
We should...
arrange it properly, another time.
Well, maybe I can just
spend time with Jack.
Yeah, that would have been great too...
but he starts school again tomorrow,
and then he's off on a field trip...
- for three days.
- A field trip. Where you going?
I don't know.
Nobody tells me anything anymore.
Well, you know, look. That's what happens
when you show up unexpectedly.
I understand. You're busy. That's fine.
Look—
Oh, God. I feel awful.
Any other time but this week.
Listen, I've had a good time.
I've seen the house.
I've seen Jeff and you...
and I let this guy beat me at golf...
so, all in all,
it's been a pretty good trip.
- I'm really sorry, Dad. Really.
- No—
Look, I'm gonna call Robert tonight
and find out where he's gonna be at.
He's really busy,
and he's on tour.
And I just don't know
if it's gonna be possible. What?
Oh, no. Don't call him,
because I wanna surprise him.
Okay.
Promise?
Yeah, promise. Absolutely. Yeah.
If that makes you feel better.
I'm putting Dad on the train tomorrow.
- He'll be with you in Denver the next morning.
- What?
- I'm rehearsing. I haven't got time to meet him.
- He can't stay here.
I need to get on a flight to Mexico to see
what's going on with David.
Is he okay? Have you spoken to him?
No, but I got through to the police today.
No surprise. They said
the arrest was drug related...
but they won't give me
any more details over the phone...
- so I'm gonna try and get on the flight tomorrow.
- Amy, listen.
I don't know if I can
lie to Dad about David when he gets here.
Well, just make up
an excuse to get him to Rosie's.
Say you're flying off
to Europe for a concert or something.
That's too obvious. I'm not gonna do that.
- Well, think of something yourself.
- Are you okay?
Jeff, come on.
Here.
Dad's waiting to take a photo.
Just get it out,
and I'll look at it when I get there.
All right. Okay, bye.
I'll take one ofyou two first.
- Okay.
- All right. Here?
A little lower this way. Okay.
A little—
Together. Everybody together.
Together.
- Where's the—
- J ust the silver button on the top.
Oh, my God. This is film. This is great.
- Smile.
- Watch your finger.
- Your finger's on the edge. J ust—
- Yep. Okay.
Look at me. Beautiful.
All right.
You said Jack was at the top of his class...
but he says he's not doing that well.
Well, he was at the top of his class.
He's struggling at the moment.
That's all.
I tell you the good news
and spare you the bad.
Isn't that what Mom used to do
for you when we were kids?
It doesn't matter what your mother did.
Tell me the bad news as well as the good news
from now on. Do you understand?
Fine.
You doing okay at home?
- You doing okay at home?
- Fine.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
You sure?
I didn't realize there was so much
to do around the house.
Mom would have loved to hear you say that.
Yeah.
What was all that at dinner last night
with the chili sauce?
Jeffjust doesn't let Jack
get his own way all the time.
That's all. They always fight.
I checked the train times.
There's one in a few hours.
I just gotta drop by the office first.
- Advertising?
- Advertising agency.
Your agency?
Part mine.
Amy, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait, darling.
- Jesus Christ.
- To your left a little.
- Your left, your left.
- Okay.
One more. It's okay.
J ust— Move to your left.
Left, left, left.
That's it.
Got it.
- You got it?
- Yeah.
- No, that's a fish—
- Looks good?
Looks great. I think it works perfectly.
- So remind me of the market.
- Yep.
It's homeowners—
blue collar to middle class.
Like my dad.
- I guess, yeah.
- J ust like your dad.
- Kind of like him.
- Sure.
So pitch it to him.
Let's see what he thinks.
- Hey, Dad, come over here.
- Yeah.
- Right now? Sure.
- Hey. Tom.
- Tom. Hi, Tom. Frank.
- Frank, I'm Steph.
- Steph?
- Hi, Dad.
- H i. Frank.
"Dad," 'cause of-
They got a TV commercial.
They're gonna pitch it to you.
- Okay?
- To—
- Sit down.
- Sit here?
- Yeah.
- I n your chair?
Yeah.
- Now you're in charge.
- Oh, nice chair.
Okay, so it's an ad for TV
for a financial organization.
Yeah, don't tell him. J ust pitch it.
I'm so sorry. Okay.
So there's a guy by a lake...
and he is fishing just like this.
Pine forests, snow-covered mountains.
Oh, and he's wearing a quilted jacket...
- 'cause it's really cold.
- What do you do when it gets cold?
- Put a quilted jacket on. Couple layers.
- He's a little nippy.
Okay, here we go.
Big fish jumps out of the water.
I'm talkin' a big mother
with big, beady eyes.
- Kind of looks like—
- J ust like that.
Right. Looks at the guy right
in the eyes and he says...
"Hey, brother, you lookin' for me?"
Voice-over—
"Ever wonder why life wasn't this easy?
At Crest and Landing...
transferring multiple loans
to one company can be this easy."
Okay? We cut to a shot
right here of this guy by a campfire.
We see that big fish right above some coals—
Close-up of the fish.
Boom. Right there as he says...
"Hey, buddy, I'm done on this side.
Wanna turn me over?"
- That's—
- Like it?
Yeah, it's funny.
It's funny. The fish talking—
it makes me laugh. Yeah, it's funny.
- It's very funny.
- Fish usually don't talk. That's why it's—
The fish with the face and a voice.
He looks like a fish.
You look like a fish.
- Kinda.
- Oh, my God. I just said that to him yesterday—
That he looked like—
H is mom looks like a flounder.
What was it for?
Well, the fish.
- The spot— What was it selling?
- Yeah, the loans. That—
It's transferring the loans to another company.
- It's as easy as getting the fish out of the water.
- Good.
So, does the client like it?
- Likes it but doesn't want to go with it.
- Why not?
They feel uncomfortable about saying
that it's easy to transfer your debt.
- Because?
- Because it's not.
- It's actually a nightmare.
- It's, like, really hard.
- It's, like, an impossible dream.
- It's like Sudoku.
Okay, but he's not paying us to advertise...
the fact that he has
a perfectly average product.
He's paying us to be
economical with the truth...
so tell him from me he's gotta go
with the talking fish.
By the way, your daughter
is really good at herjob.
I know. That's the way she is.
And she has great hair.
Okay.
I know.
Yeah, but you know what? It was fine.
But it would be really awesome.
I mean— No.
There was a line. Sorry.
My watch is off by an hour.
Should I change it?
You came from New York,
so, yeah, you need to go back an hour.
Central time.
You were laughing on the phone.
That was nice to see.
- I was?
- Yeah.
- It was just work.
- It was nice.
- Was it the fish?
- The what?
- The fish.
- Oh, yeah. The client went with the fish.
He said they should give it a name.
I said we should call it Frank.
- Because of me?
- Of course 'cause ofyou.
- No. Not because of me. Really?
- Yeah, for real. U h-huh.
- Frank the fish?
- Frank the fish.
- No.
- What?
- H i. Hey.
- Hey.
You should be at your desk,
shouldn't you?
Dad, this is Tom,
one of our creative directors.
- Tom, this is my dad, Frank.
- Hi, sir. N ice to meet you.
- Tom.
- So, what are you up to?
I was supposed to be heading out of town
to meet a client, but train got delayed.
- Here. Why don't you sit down.
- No, no, no, no. I'd be interrupting.
- No, it's fine. It's fine.
- Really?
- Yeah. Sit down.
- Well, thank you.
So, do you live here,
or are you just visiting?
No, no. I'm just staying the one night.
- Here. This is for you.
- What is it?
- You'll see.
- Tell me.
No, you'll see. You'll see. I didn't want
to send it in the mail. You'll see.
Okay. You know what I'm trying to do?
- I'm trying to get us all around the same table.
- The same table.
Yeah. Like we used to at Christmas.
- You happy?
- What do you mean?
You happy?
Yeah, of course I am. I'm—
Good. Good. Good girl.
A happy one. First one on my list.
Isn't it terrible about Alice?
- Alice?
- The storm sweeping up the coast.
My name is Alice, so I took an interest.
It's Greek, I think, Alice.
- Is it Greek?
- It means "truth."
Truth.
Yeah, well, I heard about it.
Was there a few days ago.
I must have just missed it.
Well, you're lucky then.
Well, I'm always lucky. I'm always lucky.
Amy, have you seen David?
- No, not yet.
- Why not?
Well, I had an appointment with a guy
at the prison, but he didn't turn up.
And I went to the embassy
and found a lawyer...
but he can't meet till the morning.
I've just been running around.
Hopefully tomorrow I'll start to get
somewhere, and we can tell Dad.
Okay.
Look, I'll call you
as soon as I know what's going on.
But listen. Don't worry. Okay?
Oh, sweet morning
Is your head not right
Did you heed my warning
This is the time
Of times
And your head feels like
your body
Your mind is close behind
There's a teardrop on your shoulder
Says this is the time of times
Could you take a picture of me
against the glass?
It's the time of times again
One more just to— Turn the—
Could you— Yeah.
Okay, everybody. It's a new day.
An opportunity for all of us
to make amends.
So why don't we start at the beginning.
Horns, trumpets,
very percussive in the first section.
Strings, more energy in those bows. Ready?
- It's fine. I'll take you right through.
- Thank you.
They're rehearsing right now.
- Hey, Dad. What are you doing here?
- What am I doing?
I've come to see you conduct.
What are you doing?
I'm rehearsing.
Aren't you conducting?
Not today, no. I'm—
- Playing the drum.
- I am.
It's percussion.
It's what I do.
I thought you were conducting.
Not today.
I'll explain. I should get back.
You just walked off the stage
and nobody noticed?
Come on, stop it. What are you doing here?
I'm visiting. It's a surprise.
I came to spend some time
with my son, the conductor.
That's my cue.
- Well, get back. Get back.
- Okay.
That's very good.
Very good, yeah. Never hit a drum
in my life, and suddenly I'm very good.
Without training, without skill, without
all the musical talent that you have.
Never said I was conducting, Dad.
Yeah, well—
But your mother said you were doing well...
that you were conducting and composing
and doing your music.
I am doing my music.
It's percussion.
And it suits me just fine.
But the drum?
It's low pressure, and I enjoy it.
I get to travel.
The money's fine. I got no ties.
Everybody said that
you had a talent...
that you had a future.
People are polite, Dad. You know,
they don't always tell you the truth.
The truth is,
I was never quite good enough.
But all that education,
and now you're disappointed?
I'm not disappointed.
I'm not disappointed,
but you obviously are.
No, I'm not disappointed.
It just seems like a waste. That's all.
Of what? What's it a waste of?
Ofyour telephone wire?
No, no, it's not that. I didn't say that.
You know, I still compose,
and I conduct in my spare time.
But nobody wants to employ me to do that
professionally. That's just the way it is.
Well, I guess I'm just saying
that it's never too late.
You could keep at it
and go back to studying.
- I could help you out.
- It doesn't work like that, Dad.
If it was going to have happened,
it would have happened by now.
Besides, I'm not sure it's what I wanted.
I think maybe I was doin' it for you.
I don't believe that.
Dad, the point is, this suits me just fine.
This is what I want.
Hey. Hey.
You managing okay at home?
Yeah, I'm cooking every day.
Cooking? Yeah?
Do you know what you're doing?
No, I just make it up.
Well, I thought we could spend
a couple of days together.
Dad, I fly to Europe this evening.
It's a big trip.
We got to pack up this afternoon.
I wish I could, honestly, but— you know.
I'm sorry, Dad.
That would have been great.
Well—
I went to see David in New York.
Is he still at the same address?
Yeah. I think so.
Yeah, I want to check his address
and phone number with you.
Sure.
- I need some fresh air.
- All right.
- Robert, come on. Don't smoke.
- What do you mean, don't smoke?
Don't smoke.
You know better. Come on. Don't smoke.
All right. I won't smoke.
Not in front ofyou. Not if it upsets you.
But, you know,
I do smoke sometimes, just so you know.
Anyway, you used to smoke.
I know I used to smoke.
That's when I didn't know any better. Now I do.
Your mother made me stop too.
You know, I will too.
But occasionally I do smoke.
When I want to quit, I'll quit.
- Hey, Robert.
- Hey, Dave.
Let me get this straight.
You worked in a wire factory...
smoking a couple of packs a day.
But me being a percussionist...
and having an occasional cigarette
isn't good enough for you?
Come on.
You know, Mom used to say, "Make your dad proud.
He works so hard for us."
- And I know you're not proud of me. I know.
- That's not true.
I can feel it. It's fine.
I'm working hard here.
I'm doing the best I can.
- Have your cigarette.
- What?
Have your cigarette. You need it.
No, you know what? I quit.
- Hi, Robert.
- Hey. I just quit smoking.
- Good job.
- Thanks.
I'm not quitting because you want me to.
I'm quitting 'cause
I know you don't think I can.
J ust to make that clear, okay?
Okay.
Anyway, you sounded good on the drums.
I missed a beat when I heard you coming in,
bumping your bag.
You kind of threw me off there.
Well, anyway,
what's a missed beat here and there?
It's good. It sounded very good.
Yeah.
Thanks.
We don't see each other very often.
I wasn't trying to—
- Yeah.
- I'm sorry, you know? I'm just—
Look, you just gave up smoking.
You're gonna be a little edgy.
Is that what it is?
Well, anyway, I'm sorry.
Yeah, well, I'm sorry too.
- Hey, James. I want to introduce you to my father.
- Of course.
- This is James Green, famous conductor.
- Hi, James.
- This is Frank, my dad— very famous dad.
- Hi.
- Nice to meet you.
- Nice meeting you. Good luck with everything.
- Thanks.
- All right. He's busy. He's—
Got a girlfriend you want
to tell me about?
There was someone up until recently.
Not anymore?
You know, she wanted to settle down.
She started talking about babies.
It's difficult with the traveling,
you know.
- There's some girls in the orchestra.
- I noticed.
Oh, yeah? You noticed, huh?
- I got my eye on a couple of 'em.
- A couple, huh? Yeah.
Well, you look after yourself, Robert.
I'm getting the whole family together.
Amy's gonna call you.
But if not, if she forgets...
- you call her and you stay in touch with each other.
- I will. I will.
And you're happy?
Happy? Yeah. I get paid to bang a big,
loud drum all day. Of course I'm happy.
Okay—
Hey, I'm sorry that we couldn't
spend more time together.
Maybe I'm wrong
Amputate sympathy
Strength of my tongue
It's taken that liberty
I don't know. He's—
I'm watching him right now.
He's buying his ticket. He arrives
in Vegas at 1 0:00 tomorrow morning, okay?
Okay. I'll be there.
No, no, no.
He doesn't want you to meet him.
- He wants it to be a surprise.
- Of course I'm gonna. If I want to, I'll meet him.
Rosie, he doesn't—
Okay. But, you know,
he's not gonna like it.
How are you? Are you okay?
Yeah, I guess.
You know, I wanted
to spend some time with him.
I'm free tonight or tomorrow,
but I just can't.
I can't do it. I can't do it.
I don't know what to say to him.
- I know. God, I know.
- Rosie.
- What?
- He's asking about David.
- Okay. I won't say anything.
- No, I mean, there's nothing to say.
What are we gonna say?
We don't know anything.
Play devil's advocate
Never I fear
Pay for it afterwards
How do I feel
A glorified refugee
And nobody ever says
Good-bye
But I don't mind
Just come home
Come home
Where you headin'?
- Where you headin'?
- Las Vegas.
Not from here you ain't. Not tonight.
Let me see your ticket.
- What time do you got?
- Five to 1 1 :00.
The ticket office said that there was a bus
going to Las Vegas, Bay 3, at 1 1 :00.
Well, now all we know for sure is that your watch
ain't being completely honest with you.
There was a bus at 1 1 :00,
but now it's nearly 1 2:00.
- 1 2:00?
- Where you just come from?
New York through Chicago, Denver.
Seems like you put your watch back
one too many times, my friend.
There ain't no way you gonna catch a bus
that left here an hour ago.
- There's no other bus.
- There's no other bus, not this time of night.
There's a truck stop
a hundred yards up the road.
Ifyou're lucky, you might pick up a lift
and catch the night train.
Okay. Thank you.
And all I'm wondering, why is this guy
trying to see his whole family...
all over the country,
all in the same trip?
- Well, I'm not dying, if that's what you're thinking.
- Hey, I'm not thinkin' anything.
I'm just trying to visit the kids
and surprise them.
Their mother's always kept
an eye on 'em, and...
now it's up to me, so—
- You lost your wife.
- About eight months ago.
I lost my husband. J ust over a year now.
I lost him to drink,
but it was my fault.
I was stupid.
Ignored all the signs,
you know how you do.
I listen to that radio
all day in this cab.
We got ourselves
an epidemic goin' on out there—
you know, people eatin' too much,
drinkin' too much, killing themselves, basically...
makin' up excuses all along the way.
- I guess facing up to the truth ain't always easy.
- No.
- Yeah, people like things easy. That's what they're used to.
- Yeah.
No one likes to get hurt.
No.
Nobody likes to get hurt.
I stop off in Reno. There's a night train from there,
gets you into Vegas in the morning.
Otherwise, there's a cheap little motel
where I shut down ifyou don't wanna...
travel through the night.
Don't get all shy on me.
That wasn't a proposition.
- No, I'm going to—
- Yeah. I sleep in the truck, all right?
Take care, Frank.
I appreciate it. Thank you.
- Are you all right?
- Don't touch me.
- I'm not touching anybody. I'm just—
You okay?
Do your parents know where you are?
- If I give you some money, will you eat something?
- Yeah, I'm clean, man.
- Do you need some money?
- I could use some money.
- I mean, everyone can use some money, right?
- Okay.
Here—
Here you go. Here.
- You're okay?
- Yeah, what's with the questions?
- You could say thank you.
- I could what?
You could say thank you. I gave you some money.
You could say thank you.
Hey, you're right.
I'm sorry, man. You're right. Yeah, I—
I forgot my manners. You got
a couple hundred dollars in there, and...
this is my thanks.
You need that?
Please don't do anything.
I need— That's my medication.
No—
God, no.
I'm not here at the moment...
and Frank is probably in the garden.
Leave a message, and I'll call you back.
David.
David? Of all my children, you're the one
that I worry about the most.
I'm trying, Dad.
- Dad!
- David!
Tell me when I can see you.
Dad!
- Robert, Dad wasn't on the bus.
- What?
I met the 1 0:00 bus like you said,
and everyone else got off...
but he's not on it.
Well—
Well, did you look in the station?
- I mean, where have you looked?
- Yeah, of course. I looked everywhere.
I don't know what to tell you.
He was due on the 1 0:00.
So how can he not be on it?
- Are you all right, Frank?
- Listen. The damnedest thing happened.
I was brushing my teeth this morning...
and I left my bottle of pills
right on the edge ofthe sink.
Well, I knocked the whole thing right into the sink,
and it got all wet. There's nothing left.
- The sink? Geez. Goddamn it. You're as bad as me.
- The sink. The damnedest thing.
I'll write a new prescription, all right?
Just pop in. I'll leave it in the reception.
Is that the only way to get them,
to go to reception? I have to come—
I have to come in?
No, the garden is doing great. I'm—
It's doing— I'm looking right at it.
Looking really good. Really good.
- Hello?
- Hey, it's me. You home?
No. I'm waiting for you. Where are you?
- He told you I was coming, didn't he?
- No.
I told him not to tell you
I was coming, and he told you.
- Hi, Dad.
- Yeah. Hi, glamour girl.
- Welcome to Vegas, Dad.
- Yeah, thanks.
Papa loves mambo
I didn't order a stretch.
I just wanted something comfortable.
Good. No, it's got plenty
of leg room, that's for sure.
That's why they call it a stretch?
- I missed you.
- Oh, I miss you.
- I've been worried about you.
- Don't. No. Tell me about your show.
- Okay. We were at the Bellagio—
- Uh-huh.
and it was a big production...
- lots of underwater dance scenes.
- Uh-huh.
And I was the mermaid, the lead.
- Of course.
- And you would've loved it.
- When could I go?
- It finished last week.
- It finished?
- Yeah.
Next time you have to fly out
and come see me. I just—
I didn't want to bother you this time,
because I knew that you weren't feeling well.
- But look at you.
- No, look at you.
A dancer in a Las Vegas show on the big stage?
Just what you always wanted.
Are you happy?
- Very happy.
- Yeah?
So, the only thing missing now
is— anything?
- A man. I know.
- Well—
- Papa loves mambo
- Mama loves mambo
Havin' their fling again
Younger than spring again
Feelin' that zing again, wow
This is where you live?
- No, this is an elevator.
- Very good.
I think you'll like the apartment.
It's very spacious.
- Well, I'm happy sleeping on a couch.
- Really?
- Really.
- Okay.
- Wow.
- You like it?
- It's—
- Very me?
Very you. Very impressive.
- Well, do you want to see your room?
- Sure.
Okay. Come on.
So, bed or sofa? Sofa or bed?
This is my room.
It's huge.
- Look at that television.
- I know.
I booked us dinner at a place
called the Stratosphere.
- Do you know what that is?
- No.
- It's a revolving restaurant 800 feet above the ground.
- No, stay just like that.
Okay.
Okay. One more time.
I'll just get that.
Stay there. I'll be right back.
Okay. Just gonna take another picture.
- Jilly, hi.
- H i. How are you?
- Good. Come on in. I want—
- I need a favor.
I have to go pick up Paul from the airport,
and I haven't got the car seat.
- I want you to meet my dad.
- Oh, great. Hi.
- H i.
- Dad...
this is my friend J illy.
- Hi.
- What?
- J illy. It's a pleasure to meet you.
- Hi, J illy.
- How you doin'?
- How are you doing? Who's this guy?
This is Max,
and we could really use a favor.
Could you watch him for a few hours?
Yeah, well, the only thing is that we
were gonna head out later for dinner.
You know? It's fine. I'm gonna pop downstairs.
I can see if Helen's around.
- We could stay in, ifyou want.
- I think you guys should go out. It's your-
- No, you're tired. It's fine.
- I'm easy. I'm easy. Whatever. Whatever it is.
- We'll take him. Here. Give him to me.
- You sure? Oh, thank you so much.
I should be back in time
for you guys to go out anyway.
It'll just be a couple of hours.
But thank you again.
Okay— Yeah, it's fine.
Well, I can bathe him.
Okay. I'll call
if I need anything, honestly.
I'll be all right. Okay.
Bye.
Slight problem.
- Jilly?
- Yeah.
Paul's flight was canceled—
so he's stuck in LA,
and she's going to pick him up.
So that means we have Max for the night.
Okay.
- Is that okay?
- It's okay.
What's the matter? What's the matter?
Okay, just stay up.
Give me your arm.
- Do you want me to get that?
- No, Dad, just leave it. It's fine.
- Okay.
- Thanks.
Hi. I'm not here right now,
so please leave me a message.
It's me. Look, I need the apartment back
sooner than I thought...
so call me.
Stop splashing.
A nice apartment.
Yeah, it's a little big though.
- You bought it?
- No, I'm renting it, but I got a good deal.
Listen. I'm gonna leave tomorrow.
I'm gonna go back home.
- But you just got here.
- I know, but it's been a long trip.
I'm running low on my medication.
I just thought I would—
Well, can't we get you a refill?
It's been a long trip, honey.
Yeah. You look tired.
I'm okay. I should get home.
Would you be okay with that?
Yeah— Of course.
You should do what you want.
Here, take that.
I was thinking of flying.
- You never fly.
- I know.
Thank you.
- Cheers.
You didn't really want
to eat out, did you?
No, I didn't, not 800 feet above the ground
in a revolving restaurant.
Remember when your mother
taught you how to eat spaghetti?
Yep.
Sometimes I pick up the phone
to dial her number...
and then I remember.
Keep calling next time.
The number's still the same,
and I'm still on the other end.
- Okay.
- Yeah?
- Yes.
- I don't know what it is with you kids.
You always told your mother everything.
You never told me anything.
You were always on the phone with her.
I'd pick up the phone. I'd say hello,
you'd say, "H i, Dad. Mom there?"
It wasn't that bad. It was just that...
Mom was easier to talk to, and you always worried
so much if everything wasn't perfect.
No. That's not true.
We could just talk to Mom.
- Oh, but you couldn't talk to me?
- Well, she was a good listener.
You were a good talker.
Well, so that's good. We made a good team.
Yeah.
You wouldn't change anything, would you?
You pushed us pretty hard.
No. That's not true.
You didn't all
feel that way, did you?
I think David felt it the most.
Yeah.
I can see that.
He so never wanted to let you down.
I know. I was never any harder
on him as far as I could see.
You were all different,
and look at him today.
- Did I tell you I went to see him in New York?
- No.
Yeah. He wasn't there,
but I saw some of his artwork...
downstairs in the gallery
below his apartment.
It was right there on display.
It was just... beautiful.
So look what happened to him.
He turned out okay.
You turned out okay.
I don't know, Dad.
How can you say that? Look at you.
You've wanted to be a dancer
ever since you were a little girl.
You were gifted, and nobody pushed you.
- What about your plans?
- It all worked out.
What did you want to be
when you were my age?
I didn't have any plans.
I just wanted to hold down a job and find somebody
crazy enough to marry me— your mother.
I don't know. But when you guys came along,
things were different.
There were opportunities. What kind of father
would I have been if I hadn't pushed you?
So there wasn't anything
you wanted to achieve?
No, I didn't really think much about it.
I never really gave it much thought.
All I wanted to do was just be
a good father, that's all.
- You've got your boarding pass.
- All right.
And you're all checked in,
and we know your gate.
So?
- I'll come visit you as soon as I can. I promise.
- Oh, I'd like that.
I wanna get us all around
the same table together.
- At Christmas.
- Or before. It's up to you.
Great. Count me in.
Here.
- What's this?
- I had to give it to each ofyou.
- Well, shall I open it?
- No, open it later.
- Are you sure?
- Sure I'm sure.
Okay.
- Be good.
- J ust for you.
- I will.
Bye, Dad.
Have a good flight.
Rosie, where's Dad?
He's on his way home. I just left him.
What did you find out?
David was caught
buying some drugs in a bar.
- No!
- And he got sick so quickly that they now think...
he may have panicked and swallowed some of
the drugs when he was arrested.
- Is he okay? Have you seen him?
- Not yet. He was taken to a hospital.
- I'm there now, but they're not being very helpful.
- What do you mean?
I keep asking if he's here,
but I can't get a straight answer.
Listen. The lawyer's with me, and the guy
from the embassy's here.
Call Robert. I promised I'd call him
before his concert, tell him what's going on.
Can you do that for me?
Yeah.
Excuse me.
How much longer before we land?
Forty minutes. But there's a storm,
so it might take a little longer.
- A storm?
- It's okay. We go around it, not through it.
- Can I have some more water please?
- Sure.
Excuse me.
Ladies and gentlemen, the captain
has turned on the seat belt sign...
so we ask that you please
return to your seats as soon as possible.
Sir, you need to push
your table up. Thank you.
Sir, is everything all right?
Sir, okay. Sir? Sir, you're gonna be fine.
You're gonna be fine. J ust breathe for me.
You're gonna be fine.
Come on. It's ready. Everybody sit down.
Hey, David? Come on.
Thank you.
How come you're home, Dad?
- I took the day offwork.
- But you'd never do that.
I know, but I wanted to spend
some time with you guys.
- Is anything wrong?
- No, nothing is wrong.
Well, you know, actually,
there is something.
You know, I've been
asking myself a question.
It's been like a puzzle,
and I can't figure it out.
Let's stop eating for a minute.
I keep asking myself why you all lied to me.
All ofyou.
Amy, Jeffwore the same shirt to work
the morning after I stayed.
He doesn't live with you anymore, does he?
He left home about three months ago.
There's another woman.
That's whyJack hates him.
When that man Tom came over to me
at the station and shook my hand...
he wanted to make
an impression, didn't he?
You pulled that chair out before he came over
'cause you were expecting him.
Tom was waiting at the station.
I wanted to know that you'd met him.
I didn't want to miss the opportunity.
In case I get sick
and we never get the chance to meet?
- Robert—
- I think we should go in. I think I felt some rain.
There were posters all over the city.
You weren't going to Europe.
You weren't even performing that night.
We could have spent time together.
- But you lied to me. You didn't wanna be with me.
- The truth is, Dad...
there are lots of things
that we don't tell you.
But that doesn't mean
that we want to hurt you.
Mom didn't always tell you everything,
and you know that.
Don't blame your mother for this.
And wipe your mouth.
Rosie, the baby is yours, isn't it?
I was goin' to tell you.
Go on.
- Tell him the rest.
- Robert, shut up.
- Go on. I'll tell him.
- Shut up.
- She doesn't know if she likes boys or girls.
- Robert, stop it.
Did your mother know you were pregnant?
And she kept it from me.
Why would she do that?
We were goin' to tell you...
but then Mom got sick...
and I didn't want to disappoint you.
David, do you still live in New York
at that apartment?
- No.
- Then where can I find you?
I can't tell you.
Tell me where I can find you
and when I can see you.
- I don't want to see you, Dad.
- Then stop— Do not laugh at me.
Tell me the truth.
And wipe that smirk offyour face.
Wipe the smirk offyour face.
I have your skateboard in the shed there.
I know exactly where it is.
I'll burn the damn thing, you hear me?
- You took my forward wheels.
- Don't laugh. Don't laugh! Quiet!
After everything I've done for you,
this is all you can do— is laugh?
When I'm asking you about
something that's worrying me?
Jesus! David.
Your mother always asked me why I was
so hard on you. This is why. This is exactly why!
Have some respect!
So what am I supposed to do?
Act as though nothing's wrong.
That's what Mom did. It's best for all of us.
I can't do that. I can't act as if nothing happened.
What do I tell your mother?
- What do I say?
- Anyway, she won't ask you anything, 'cause she's dead.
David!
- That's it. I've had enough. I'm outta here.
- Me too. I'm outta here.
Come on!
- Tell her nothing.
- How can I do that?
Ifyou love her as she loves you...
then you'll tell her
what she wants to hear.
Tell her that we're all fine.
Dad.
At last.
Finally have my family in the same room.
- Is David here?
- Rosie's here, and Robert.
- How are you feeling?
- Was it a heart attack?
They're not sure.
Amy, is he telling the truth?
The doctors are waiting
for some test results.
Oh, come on. Don't lie to me.
Why do I always find it so hard
to believe all ofyou now? Come on.
They suspected a heart attack.
They ran some tests...
and they got the results.
And it was a heart attack.
- A mild one.
- Good. A start, at least.
I didn't want to worry you
until you had a chance to...
come to terms with what happened.
You can worry me, all ofyou.
I'm a father of four. I expect that.
I know you all had problems.
I know that, and I can see you've been
keeping things from me.
- But right now there's something that I need—
- Dad, maybe you should rest.
No, I will rest,
but I need an answer to a question.
You were honest with your mother,
and I want you to be honest with me.
It's all right, you know. I'm okay.
I can handle it.
I know David is in trouble...
and I just want to know where he is...
and how soon I can see him.
So, who's gonna tell me?
Why don't you take it—
Why don't you rest for a while?
What is it?
J ust tell me the truth.
Dad, I'm sorry.
David died, Dad.
I'm sorry.
No. That's not true.
Tell me that's not true.
- I'm sorry, Dad.
- No.
- He moved out of his apartment, and—
we knew that he was traveling.
And then we started
getting calls from Mexico.
There was a lot of confusion.
We didn't want to tell you until we were sure.
No. No. I—
- He had a lot of problems.
- No. No.
He wasn't happy, Dad.
He's been havin' a tough time since Mom died.
We've all been worried about him.
Yeah, but, you—
Not for sure, I mean—
It was Mexico. It could be anyone.
It could be a mistake.
- They-
- It could be.
I flew out there after you visited.
That's why you couldn't stay.
That's why we all made excuses.
No. No. Wrong—
Not my son. That's not my son.
No.
They said it was an overdose.
No. Not my son.
That's not my son.
No.
- What are you gonna do when you grow up?
- I want to be a painter and do my pictures.
No, not a painter. Painters paint walls,
and dogs pee on walls.
You're gonna be an artist.
- You're gonna work hard?
- Yes, Dad.
You gonna make me proud?
I'm sorry about how
everything's worked out, Dad.
It's not your fault.
I've been thinkin'
about what I wanna do when I grow up.
- Yeah? But what did you decide?
- I might still be an artist...
or I might just do a normal job,
like a painter.
- I'd be proud ofyou no matter what you did.
- Really?
Really.
Good.
I told Mom I wouldn't be long.
- Give her my love.
- I will.
Well, I'll see you, Dad.
David.
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault, Dad.
David?
Well, it was a big trip...
and ifyou asked me what I've learned,
I'd have to tell you I'm not sure.
I know if I could do it all over again,
I would ask less of the kids.
As long as they were happy,
that would be fine with me.
I know I have to stop thinking of them as
if they're still children.
I can't tell them what to do anymore.
They have to find their own way.
And...
sometimes...
you talked to me about things
that I should have listened to you more carefully.
You presented me with the details
of our children's lives...
and I ignored them.
And for that—
But that isn't what you want to hear.
I know. What you want is the news.
Well, the news is this:
Robert, Amy and Rosie promised
to visit me for the holidays.
And you know what?
This time I believe them.
And David—
David—
I hope will spend Christmas with you.
I went back to New York
to buy David's painting.
The portrait— I know which one you mean,
but I'm afraid it's sold.
It is sold?
Were you familiar with the artist?
Yeah, not as much as I would like
to have been, but yes.
- Thank you.
- Why don't you give me your details?
If anything of David's comes in,
I'll let you know.
Excuse me. Excuse me.
I just saw your name.
I'm stupid. I should have realized.
That's okay.
I'm sorry.
You know, I knew David. He used to hang out
at the gallery all the time...
and he used to say that if it wasn't for his dad,
that he never would've become an artist.
He said he would've ended up painting
walls and that dogs pee on walls.
Look, we might have something of his
in storage. I can check ifyou'd like.
- Okay. Sure.
- Okay.
And I won't pretend David's work
was very commercial—
Oh, here it is.
He had his own style...
and he wasn't concerned with fashion...
but for what it's worth...
I thought he was really special.
Thank you.
Hello, this is Frank.
I'm not out—
I mean—
I'm not here at the moment.
I'm probably out shopping
for the holidays...
but ifyou leave a message,
I will call you back.
Thank you.
Don't laugh, but I promised to cook
the turkey for the first time this year-
Got the whole family coming.
What's the biggest bird you got?
- Half a dozen of-
- and treat the children to some expensive wine.
- these reds on the right.
- Excellent choice, if I may say so, sir.
- That's the sale price.
- Oh, that's the sale price?
- Yeah.
- I'm even thinking of replacing the old tree.
And if I gave it to you for any cheaper,
I wouldn't be makin' any money.
Let me tighten it. It has to—
You're letting it droop too much.
I need a little more slack to get around—
How does this look?
- Dad's side's perfect.
- You kiddin' me?
- Yours needs work.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
- Thank you.
What's that sound?
- What's that?
- Turkey.
- You're timing the turkey?
- Yep.
That's so efficient.
Jesus!
Now you're— Oh-ho-ho.
Oh-ho.
- It's not cooked yet, Dad. I just checked it.
- You just checked it?
Yeah, the juices are still red.
Well, why don't you stick
to the potatoes and I'll do the turkey.
Okay.
Oh, this is you. Look, it has your name
and "The third grade" written on its butt.
- Do you remember that?
- I remember when I made this.
Yeah.
- Hey, Dad, are you okay?
- Yeah.
Check that turkey, Grandpa.
- Yeah, that's a big bird. You better cook it properly.
- Don't worry.
- J ust check the leg, Dad, just to make sure.
- I will, I will.
Mom would have cooked it for
at least another 30 minutes.
Yeah. There's something I need to tell
all ofyou about your mother.
As much as I loved her,
and as good a cook as she was...
in all the 41 years we'd been married,
she always overcooked the turkey.
Every single year.
I just never had the heart to tell her.
All right. Perfect.
There we go.
Yeah, that would be great. Thanks.
Perfect. Oh, yeah. Good boy.
Okay, that's hot.
Your family is making its way
in the world...
and you can be proud of the children
and their achievements.
And ifyou were to ask me,
I would have to say, in all honesty...
everybody's fine.
Everybody's fine.
For so long
I was out in the cold
And I taught myself to believe
every story I told
It was fun hanging on to the moon
headin' into the sun
But it's been too long
And now I wanna come home
Came so close
To the edge of defeat
But I made my way in the shade
keepin' out of the heat
It was fun shootin' out of the stars
lookin' into the sun
But it's been too long
And now I wanna come home
Home, where there's nothing
but sweet surrender
To the memories from afar
Home, to the place
where the truth lies waiting
We remember who we are
For too long
I was out on my own
Every day I spent tryin' to prove
I could make it alone
It was fun hanging on to the moon
headin' into the sun
But it's been too long
Now I wanna come home
Home
For so long
I was out in the cold
But I taught myself to believe
every story I told
It was fun hanging on to the moon
headin' into the sun
But it's been too long
And now I wanna come home
Yeah, it's been too long
- Been too long
- Too long
And now I wanna come home